PS-1065: API implementation process updates (#16)
connective-health/public-docs: implementation/api-integration.mdx

This information is shared back with the various health information exchange networks
as part of their reciprocity requirements.

The Connective Health Clinical Data Processing API specification can be found [here](/scheduled-appointments/patient-data-processing).

## API Implementation Process

> ### Staging Environment Testing

Reviewer: Should be have a big callout that only fake data is allowed within staging?

Author: see if you like

> Before connecting to the production API, integration is tested in the Staging environment.

Reviewer: Capitalization of production and staging isn't consistent. I assume they should be?

Author: yeah, let's keep it lower-case except in titles or beginning of sentences.

1. Connective Health confirms webhook responses are successfully received by the customer.

Note: Connective Health’s staging environment is intended for functional testing. For example invoking the API without errors and interacting with it in the way a customer’s system will actually work. It is not intended for test code or load testing.

It is okay to use any non-PHI sample patient information for testing purposes, however only sample patients provided by Connective Health will receive responses. Because Connective Health’s staging environment interacts with live networks and other staging environments across outside EHRs, certain patients may or may not receive a response. To maximize the chances of a successful response it is recommended that API requests are sent for all patients using all provided information.

### Production Environment Testing

Once finished with staging, the next step is production testing.

1. Connective Health sends production information package to customer:
    * Production API key
    * Production test endpoint URL

> 1. Customer sends 10 live patient requests to Connective Health’s production test endpoint. These patients are not processed; they are simply for the purposes of validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Customer sends between 5 and 10 real patient requests to Connective Health’s production test endpoint. These patients are not processed; they are simply for the purposes of validation. All data normally included for a production request should also be sent to the test endpoint.
```
